docs:#823 Clarify encryption docs (#1148)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/manage/security/encryption.mdx

```bash  title="node.cnf"
[ req ]
prompt = no
distinguished_name = distinguished_name
req_extensions     = extensions

[ distinguished_name ]
organizationName = Redpanda

[ extensions ]
keyUsage         = critical,digitalSignature,keyEncipherment
extendedKeyUsage = serverAuth,clientAuth
subjectAltName   = @alt_names

[ alt_names ]
DNS.1 = localhost
DNS.2 = redpanda
DNS.3 = console
DNS.4 = connect
IP.1  = 127.0.0.1
```

Generate a 2048-bit RSA private key for nodes:

```bash
openssl genrsa -out node.key 2048
```

where:

| Output              | Description   |
| --------            | ------    | 
| `-out node.key`     | The public key certificate of the CA.    |  

Create a public certificate signing request (CSR) for the nodes:

```bash
openssl req -new -config node.cnf -key node.key -out node.csr
```

where:

| Inputs              | Description   |
| --------            | ------    | 
| `-new`                | New request.    | 
| `-config node.cnf`    | Configuration file to use when generating certificates (created above).    | 

> | `-key ca.key`         | Private key of the node (created above).    | 

Author: ```suggestion
| `-key node.key`         | Private key of the node (created above).    | 
```
@patrickangeles the code above uses `-key node.key`. Should I change this to match?

| Output             | Description   |
| --------            | ------    | 

> | `-out node.crt`     | The public key certificate of the CA.    |  

Author: ```suggestion
| `-out node.csr`     | The public key certificate of the CA.    |  
```
@patrickangeles the code above uses `-out node.csr`. Should I change this to match?

Reviewer: Yes, this would be `-out node.csr`.

<head>
    <meta name="title" content="Configure Encryption | Redpanda Docs"/>
    <meta name="description" content="Enable encryption with TLS or mTLS."/>
</head>

By default, Redpanda data is sent unencrypted. A security best practice is to enable encryption with TLS or mTLS. 

See also: [Security for Redpanda in Kubernetes](../../kubernetes/security)

## Prerequisites

TLS certificates are necessary for encryption. You can use your own certificates, either self-signed or issued by a trusted certificate authority (CA), or you can follow these steps.

### Create certificate signing requests

#### Create node certificate configuration

> A CNF file may need to be made for each node to modify the `alt_names` section. For production usage, update the `distinguished_name` section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You might need to create a CNF file for each node to modify the `alt_names` section. For production usage, update the `distinguished_name` section.
```

```bash
# node.cnf
# 
# (optional) Edit the distinguished_name section with organization details.
# (optional) Edit the alt_names section with DNS resolutions and IP address.

[ req ]
prompt = no
distinguished_name = distinguished_name
req_extensions     = extensions

[ distinguished_name ]
organizationName = Redpanda

[ extensions ]
keyUsage         = critical,digitalSignature,keyEncipherment
extendedKeyUsage = serverAuth,clientAuth
subjectAltName   = @alt_names

[ alt_names ]
DNS.1 = localhost
DNS.2 = redpanda
DNS.3 = console
DNS.4 = connect
IP.1  = 127.0.0.1
```

```bash
# Generate a 2048-bit RSA private key for nodes.
#
# Outputs:
#   -out node.key   The public key certificate of the CA.
#
openssl genrsa -out node.key 2048

# Create a public certificate signing request (CSR) for the nodes.
#
# Inputs:
#   -new             New request
#   -config node.cnf Configuration file to use when generating certificates (created above).
#   -key ca.key      Private key of the node (created above).
#
# Outputs:
#   -out node.crt    The public key certificate of the CA.
#
openssl req -new -config node.cnf -key node.key -out node.csr
```

> If done by a corporate CA, these certificate signing requests must be signed with the following extensions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If generated by a corporate CA, these certificate signing requests must be signed with the following extensions:
```
